Well if it turns out you're not really good at it, or you don't want to
do what you want to do and you want to change careers you might be
able to do that. One of my best friends was an academy graduate, and
his first job was as a missile officer and he hated being a missile
officer, so he crossed transferred branches into their cryptologic
community within his service, and was allowed to do that, but it was
very difficult. And he was counseled by some fairly high ranking officers
about why he shouldn't do that and how it would hurt his career
and keep him from advancing. But he did get that finally approved,
he made the switch and he retired as a full colonel in the airforce.
So you can make a switch, but boy it's really tough to do that you'd
almost be better to finish your tour of duty whatever it is and
then enlist in another service, and ask for special duty in that other
service in the field you really think you'd like to be in. But by
and large try to find joy in what you've been assigned to do and do
the best you can that you be best off.